The first visualization that we have to show
is a boxplot.
This boxplot is showing the distribution of
rain levels for all source locations.
Each source location represents where the
user is when they are ordering an uber or
lyft.
These locations are Back Bay, North Station,
North End, Haymarket Square, West End, Beacon
Hill, Financial District, Fenway, Northeastern
University, Theatre District, Boston University,
South Station.
All of these source locations are in Boston.
When a user selects hovers over any one of
these boxes the quartile 1, median and quartile
3 shows for that specific locations rain level.
So it essentially shows distribution.
If a user decides to select a box, down below
the scatterplot that shows the price value
versus the rain level appear on the scatterplot
(instead of barchart).
The user can select several boxes at a time
and they all appear on the scatterplot.
The user can also deselct.
. . as well.